---
layout: post
title: "STUPID-19"
date: 2020-07-05
categories: 
  - Fiction
description: Your test results for STUPID-19 [2 min read]
image: /assets/images/stupid-19/1200.jpg
image-sm: /assets/images/stupid-19/300.jpg
---
Your STUPID-19 test results

Hey man,

It's your doctor. I've got bad news. You've tested STUPID-19 positive. Which one you ask? The big one of course. Please find below your diagnostic test report - 

|Test|Observation|Comments|
|------------|------------|-------------|
| Mental input | Presence of imaginary conversations in unlikely scenarios observed | Remedy at the earliest by reading a book, learning a new language or starting an online course
Mental output | Patient exhibits problematic activities like partaking in political debates on meme page comment sections | Strong intervention of da homies with philosophical discussions and intellectual masturbation sessions required
Physical input | Stuffs face hole with maggi, sugary drinks masquerading as "fruit juice", and foods that have gone through 17 stages of processing | Skip the delivery foods like you do the workouts and go for home cooked whole foods
Physical output | Maximum daily movement seen was walking to the door to collect food delivery | Get that ass moving with dance, running or some home YouTube workouts #FlattenYourCurves
Creative input | Severe deficiency of the following was observed | Watch those old classics in your list, read an autobiography, listen to music other than Nicki Minaj
Creative output | Alarmingly high concentration of TikTok videos and Instagram stories | Advised to paint, play a musical instrument, cook (also helps in survival), dance, write a blog or take a pottery class

Final diagnosis - Tested positive for STUPID-19

Please undertake corrective action immediately to prevent permanent damage.

Yours truly,

Dr. T


----------------------------
The above is a work of fiction. All ideas are pure conjecture and all propositions can be assumed to be thought experiments.